[build] Remove testing feature and ensure correct builds (#1495)
libra/libra: documentation/coding_guidelines.md

*Conditional compilation of tests*

Libra [conditionally

> compiles](https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/reference/conditional-compilation.html)

Reviewer: nit: inconsistent line-wrapping throughout the file?

code that is *only relevant for tests, but does not consist of tests* (unitary
or otherwise). Examples of this include proptest strategies, implementations
and derivations of specific traits (e.g. the occasional `Clone`), helper
functions, etc. Since Cargo is [currently not equipped for automatically activating features
in tests/benchmarks](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/issues/2911), we rely on two
conditions to perform this conditional compilation:
- the test flag, which is activated by dependent test code in the same crate
  as the conditional test-only code.
- the "fuzzing" custom feature, which is used to enable fuzzing and testing
related code in downstream crates. Note that this must be passed explicitly to
`cargo test` and `cargo bench`. Never use this in `[dependencies]` or
`[dev-dependencies]` unless the crate is only for testing, otherwise Cargo's
feature unification may pollute production code with the extra testing/fuzzing code.

As a consequence, it is recommended that you set up your test-only code in the following fashion. For the sake of example, we'll consider you are defining a test-only helper function `foo` in `foo_crate`:

> 1. Define the "testing" flag in `foo_crate/Cargo.toml` and make it non-default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Define the "testing" and "fuzzing" flags in `foo_crate/Cargo.toml` and make them non-default:
```
